no time to cry over spilt milk time to
get ready for Missouri the next week in
Stillwater the Cowboys open the game on
a dismal note Gundy trips taking the
snap fumbles the pitch to Sanders and
Missouri recovers on the osu 30 Tigers
scored several plays later from the one
to take a seven nothing lead Missouri
defense stymie the boats twice they had
to settle for a couple of field goals
this one was 52 yards by Kerry Blanchard
second longest in OSU history
you
second-quarter Cowboys take the lead
when Gundy goes back to pass and hits
Hartley dykes on a 32-yard touchdown
play the conversion failed and the
Cowboys lead it 12-7 Blanchard added
another field goal for a 15-9 cowboy
lead at the half yet another early in
the third then Barry Sanders did his
thing to the Tigers one of the best runs
of the season 45 yards tiptoeing down
the sidelines for the touchdown and it's
a 22 27 cowboy lead
Missouri wasn't out of it until this
play a tiger bumble and Sean Mackay
recovers at the Missouri 15 Sanders got
his second touchdown of the game with a
1-yard dive that made it 29 7 cowboys
Missouri added a score to pull to within
16 but the gun d dykes combination
flicked again this time for 62 yards the
conversion failed and the Pope's led by
a thirty five to 13 gallon
wait though there's more gerald Hudson
scored on runs of 14 and 27 yards
Missouri added a late touchdown and as
the Sun sank slowly in the West Oklahoma
State had a lopsided 4921 win over
missouri the win ran the Cowboys record
25 and one on the season and two and one
in the big 8 well for Sanders it was the
lowest garbage output of the season 25
carries 454 yards and two touchdowns on
the season Sanders has carried 145 times
for 1,156 yards and 21 scores Gundy is
81 of 129 in passing for 1266 yards and
eight touchdowns and dykes on the season
has 32 catches for 682 yards and five
touchdowns